Hello everyone and welcome to this section and this section.
We're going to see how can we use open TV to simply select our and detect our Lean lines with an image.
Okay.
So first it important again our libraries are an important medlocke let that image as MPI mge there
are going to import parts lip as well plodding as t.
Many important umpires MP reimported open CV as well which is CV too.
All right let's run that.
And then we're going to do here.
We're going to load our image which is again we're going to hit our image providers within the course
package is we'll call it image underscored lean underscored see our coloured image get another image.
First we're going to convert it to greyscale.
And once you have any greyscale then we're going to do our design of interest masking that we discussed
before.
And then the converse selection how can we select the actual pixels afterwards.
All right.
So what's going to do is going to provoke it.
MP I mge that imagery they're going to need the image first and that's the image has to be contained
within our directory and that would be our image quality.
Ah okay.
Let's actually before doing this.
Let's press to create a new cell and do it here.
Let's look at the image.
So first looking around there and that will get to be our image column.
OK all right.
So that will be our image.
If we actually take a look at it's let's take a look at the shape of that image and do shape or it would
tell us okay the image actually 540 by hundred and sixty by three which means which makes sense because
we have three channels our g.b. channels.
The next step is we're going to take that image and convert it to greyscale.
So going to use again CV to see the t colour.
The message is to give it a longer our image column along with our colour beads are too grey.
OK.
Which is again with an open CV.
It's just of a method that can be used to convert from college degrees scale again.
B R stands for blue green and red K to grey and they'll going to convert to greyscale So the outcome
of this will get to generate our imagery.
And then you plot that image to show our image Grey.
Do colour map equals to grey or they don't get it to let the shape as well just to make sure they were
actually on the same page.
Now you're expecting as we covered it before but our image can have the same dimensions.
Five hundred and forty nine hundred and sixty but only single dimension because only greyscale at the
moment.
So let's run it and that's it.
So actually before doing this what we're going to do here that we're going to let's show let's actually
view the image in a college format first.
OK so I'm going to do it.
We're going to duplicate that image show.
It's to let our image colour here.
Let's sit on it.
And that's actually our first image.
OK.
So before doing any conversion that's our image so we loaded our image and we shown our image.
And here we are in actually the shape of the image and then convert it to greyscale and then that's
what exect think the exact same dimensions but an agreed scale and again confirmed by doing that as
well.
The next step is we wanted to simply select our region of interest okay which we covered before.
First I need to select what our what our vision of interest.
What's the first point that we're looking for.
OK so the next step is we're going to take our image which is our greyscale image that we'll paint here
before we're going to think of that image before doing anything even of interest masking or going to
do.
Were going to simply select the pixels that are white pixels.
OK.
And we can assume these are white pixels which has value of 255.
They are simply white pixels.
OK.
That's our lead pixels.
Anything else was it going to put it to zero.
There's much the first kind of you know strategy to move forward.
Okay assuming that we don't have any for example a white vehicle in here in our image if we have white
vehicle for example here or if we have let's say anything that's really Nordic or white collar then
obviously we can't use that technique without applying it even of interest masking which going to be
discussing afterwards.
But the main focus here is that we're not going to apply is just masking which is going to mean we select
our lanes you know.
So if there were the exact same image apply a filter to select mainly to perform or column selection
perform pixels or to exact pixels that has values of 255.
That's it.
OK.
All right.
So we're going to do here is we're going to first of all copy that image so we want to want to mess
around with the actual original image.
We're going to think oh image you're going to do nump hide or Cuppy going to create an image copy and
then actually check the shape as well as look the same shape.
Obviously the previous one.
It's all going to do.
They're going to simply put.
Take a look at the entire image and look at the value of that image and simply put if the value is below
let's say specific threshold which let's say he selected two hundred and fifty for example the skin
is set at zero.
Simply put we're going to collect pixels from two hundred and fifty to 255.
Which has to be very very white pixels.
These pixels we're going to take anything else we're going to say to zero you know make it like black.
So how can we perform that in Python.
So we're going to do here getting our image copy.
We're going to simply put.
We're going to take a look at image Cuppy see Colin here.
That means specifying every one of pixels.
So all pixels we think any any of the pixel values.
OK.
So if we take any of the image copy which is our image if we take a look at any of the bits of values
if any of the pixel values are below or less then 250.
OK.
Right.
So given what we're going to do here if we get a set of key asset our image copy we're going to set
it to zero.
That means any pixel or any value there is simply not white.
We're going to set it to zero.
OK.
And then we had this play our our image copy afterwards.
All right.
So let's try it.
Let's try it again.
That's our image.
Which makes you know spring interesting.
That means we actually mask everything here else and we just kept our leads and then we watch how the
acts start to add some a little bit of intelligence.
It's like for example the lean lines within a pixel.
OK.
I mean next.
So they can do as well.
It's all going to be good know what we call it easing up interest masking which is again another exercise.
Pretty much the same idea.
OK.
But you have to select specific reason.
So here we can use that technique won't rely on it if we know that there is any other white pixels anywhere
else.
What we could do here in the region of interest masking combined kind of both together select the region
of interest and then apply the college selection afterwards.
So let's take a look at the region of of interest maslon.
So again I'm going to look at our Image setareh all libraries again we've done that before.
Here we're going to look at our image.
I'm going to show that image too.
Let's run it so that we're going to tell us okay that's what it meant he didn't in this image.
You can specify the width and height so that's with height.
And then I'm going to show our image that's our image.
Looks good.
And that's our dimension of the image which is in FY 14 by 960 by three.
Next step is going to convert to quick scale again.
We've done that before we can run it again.
They'll going to be a great image again.
Here's TV to colour image colour seems to colour BGR to grey.
They'll give us our image grey.
You we get a convert.
Again use plotted image show but we're going to use the greyscale as a colour map.
They'll get to our image and here going to show other dimensions as well.
And then here we wanted to make you focus on how the peripheral region just masking.
If you guys remember we had done it before.
How can we actually select region of the image set at once everything else were going to set it to zero.
OK.
So let's take a look.
So first I need to specify my region of interest.
OK.
So here I need to specify let's say this pixel somewhere in here somewhere in here and somewhere in
here.
To simply mass this region there's the overall idea.
So here is what we could do to specify PI daughter.
And then going to specify the coordinates of the first big sort of the first point sorry.
The second point thirty point and fourth point.
OK.
And that's pretty much how can we specify our regional interests or we specify zero height.
That means OK it's first of all first of all this point is the 0 0 that's my that's my audition.
OK.
So if you want to move on the X dimension that can move your claim of X the dimension of the Y direction
going to move the y direction he is going down.
So you want to specify let's say 0 0 that I mean this point first pacifies 0 and height.
That means we are 0 at X and height.
That means we are going to stop here.
OK.
That means we're going to take this corner point.
That's our first corner point here.
On the other corner point the other point is here.
Right.
We're going to be width and height go which is the basically the variables that we'll put in before
he end up in the shape of the image.
So simply put we're going to stop in this corner which is simply going to go do the with value go down
to the high value up to that point.
OK.
That will be my second point with them right.
The second point we need to select let's say two points somewhere in here per say somewhere in here.
Both points have the actual seam seam y axis.
However they have two different essex's.
So first one going for 100 and 200.
That means I'm going to walk 400 and go down to around 200 let's say value.
OK.
Here we actually changed a little bit.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to show you how can we.
Can we do that.
But let's see.
We can make it let's say 400.
Okay.
And then we go down to let's see 350.
And here we're going to go to x x.
Want a 4 400 foot of this round 500 This is 550.
I'm going to go down to an to.
They'll be there at this point.
It's 550 And so you are right.
And that's the first step and specifying the date that I'm going to be introject of 3 2.
And then afterwards we're going to specify our regional interests.
So we're going to do.
The way to define a blank image in the image we're going to be all zeros okay with it within that region.
So how can we do that we're going to get nump.
If we do an umpire godzilla's like and then going to pass along our imagery that means we're going to
create a blank.
Image.
And their image has zeros only.
Right so the next step is we're going to create a blank image.
Okay that had the exact same dimensions as our greyscale image.
I think a set of pixels to zero first.
They were going to be our kind of oldacre Blank image for us all the zeros.
OK.
Which is all black and then I'm going to specify within the region of interests specified to once.
And that's where the bright pixels would be.
I'm coming to play.
So we have been create n.p..
Now I don't feel like that we're simply going to create an image with all the zeros it has executive
dimensions as image greyscale.
And they'll get create a blank image.
Okay so let's run it and let's run it again.
They are going to give us okay that's our blank dot shape that's our blank image which is simply put
image that has.
OK so there are zeroes which is simply black on an.
And the dimensions are 549 a hundred and six.
OK.
Next step is we wanted to specify our region of interests.
We're going to set at once in order to do that we're going to use again in open see if you can you see
two dot fill Polly or fill polynomial specifying any of it our image which is our blank image our region
of interest basically dimensions which is our.
Simply put our rectangle or our sorry region has specified ones in there.
OK which is we specified where before our four main points that was postponed earlier and then were
going to said the colours simply to 255 because we want to fill that region of interest with once.
And that being our mascot simply put.
So the next step is we're going to take our mask.
Okay.
And then we're going to apply what we call it ending operation if you call anything operational we wanted
to take our image and take our mask image which has all these years and someone's going to you them
together.
Okay simply put multiply them to go.
Going to do it.
Do they you CV to the bitwise.
We're going to take our image grey which is our original image and our mask.
And they were going to give us our Maskin in which Let's run it one more time.
They'll give us our shape and let's run here and specify simply our of interest which exactly what we're
expecting.
Okay.
So we've got a plus I imagine that will generate this and that we're going to be our region of interest.
What you could do is can do obviously you can change let's say you can make a little bit closer here
or maybe go move in a bit down.
So sort of 100 million let's say two three let's say three thirty.
So here instead of two three thirty two.
And again again again again again.
And you see that we went down in a bit.
And we were down in the y axis a little bit.
What you could do as well you can say change this for example sort of having it at 0 0 we can set it
back to a little bit here for example or more to here.
You can do a lot of stuff with it.
And what we could do afterwards we can combine that has an interest masking along with the column selection
that we've done before to add a kind of you know some sort of intelligence persay so you can specify
your region and specify again the pixels to select for orderly lines.
And that's pretty much what we have for this project.
I hope you guys enjoyed it and see you in the next project.